Now we went to the front of a new house in Uenoge, Setagaya-ku .
Though it is street
Because it does not face the main street, it is quiet and there are few streets of loser cars so small children
It is safe even if
Well yes this is next to the car space-
It is 2 there was a charge of outlet for electric vehicles
While you wish your house registration Yes it is the latest
Let's enter Let's take a look a medium immediately
6 minutes walk from Noge Station on the Tokyu Oimachi Line
2 minutes to Futako Tamagawa 6 minutes to Jiyugaoka
Oimachi Line is the most convenient because it is change at one time in Garden City line Toyoko Line Ikegami Line Keihin Tohoku Line
It is said that the pottery line
Access by car is the large artery emotion of capital 8
The line runs through the center of the town, but still it has a quiet environment
Copious
On the other hand, it is due to 2 and regulation It is easy to go out, but I know the way to go in
It is a little difficult if you are not a local person
It is true that this is true.
It is said that the respect for this neighborhood made it in reference to Denenchofu in a long time
Escape the turbulent development by the Tama River leading edge rapid urbanization those due to land consolidation concept
Year Kana from before the opening of the land consolidation is as it is said to result that led to the readjustment often winding Prefecture
There was preparation
Now stop it has been just up to the other over over
Oh Oh Ne is wide Well I feel spread very
It is 21 voices to say anything
Special enough you relax you're right
And I can sell this to the drummer living part
This grandchild a is so big it's south-facing, but a lot of light comes in
The second half of the glass is safe though it seems that the side of the stairs is somewhat translucent
There is also the best from here, it seems very bright right now-
It seems that there are many windows, so it's easy to ventilate so you can spend cool summers and winters
Of course carbonic acid
It is warm
Poca's Stop Red that produced Sir Kitch Hai went out and everyone
While cooking the Char Laundry Area location washing also do come in at the same time
You can just wait for the yellow letters.
I thought there were so many
It is this area while having a lot of store anniversary in ivory
It is Yu
Private also a bright child Yes trainer
Yes Well has been enhanced I also equipment specifications
Took off the cloud with the grandson of the flat top plate
fan mouth konron with si sensor yes and here
We are equipped with a direct from the dishwasher
What I like to do up this week Built
I also say that I bought this Kobe I do not buy it because all the cupboards are finished here
It is good
The here in the communication selling easy face-to-face kitchen is missing a heat tone
It's fun is not it
Hey That's right
You can see a bright and spacious school
If sama comes up, this is a 5.25-unit western room
There is a need to have a semi cold or seven lines
Come and then once a 7009 Western-style room that will be the master back room in addition to the car space
There is 4th place
Yes and there is a dedicated pet at one time, please see here
It looks like a hotel There is an open door
Is this washroom a little more fashionable ?
Ambition Marui
Yes and the bathroom to heal the tiredness of the day
Pachura will spend slowly calmly It comes with TV
It was quite a lot, yes